# neural-network-sentiment-analysis

# Project Description
The purpose of this project was to create a neural network machine learning model that predicts whether book reviews are positive or negative. While working on this project, I used natural language processing in Python to determine the sentiment of the book reviews. 

# Importance of Project
This is an important problem because it can inform the companies who sell these particular books on whether or not they should keep a certain book in their inventory. If certain books have a majority of negative reviews, then it would be pointless to keep the book in the inventory because having a book with a majority of negative reviews would not make a large profit. Additionally, it can be informative to predict whether a book review is positive or negative because the author or publishers of a book can understand how to improve the storyline, grammar, etc. of a future book. Knowing which books have positive or negative reviews is also important because it can help determine which genre (romance, thriller, mystery) of books are trending with positive reviews, benefiting companies who make a profit from selling books to customers. Also knowing which genre of books is trenidng among consumers can be helpful for book authors or publishers to write books in the trending genere, and therefore, make a profit. Furthermore, this dataset would be useful to determine how well a publishing company is doing, compared to its competitors. If a competitor is doing better, than the publishing company can take steps to improve their books.
